c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.pdb
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\MySiteB.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\MySiteB.pdb
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\obj\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\obj\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.dll
c:\users\sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\obj\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\Sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Sin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.dll.config
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.pdb
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\MySiteB.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\MySiteB.pdb
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\obj\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\obj\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.dll
E:\MySiteB\MySiteB.Tests\obj\Debug\MySiteB.Tests.pdb
